SBERDOMA-776 documented solution of error by running makemigrations (#327)
open-condo-software/condo: apps/condo/docs/migrations.md

docker-compose run app python apps/condo/.kmigrator/manage.py makemigrations --merge
```

> If the util ask You to provide a default value, it expects it in Python syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the util asks to provide a default value, it expects it in Python 3 syntax.
```

Author: Fixed in `0de86d28`
